Updates the hole document to reduce wording from the former certTempl… (#1)
hannestschofenig/lamps-attestation-freshness: draft-ietf-lamps-attestation-freshness.md

# Nonce Processing Guidelines

When the RA/CA is requested to transmit a nonce to an
end entity then it interacts with the Verifier.
The Verifier is, according to the IETF RATS architecture {{RFC9334}}, "a role
performed by an entity that appraises the validity of Evidence about
an Attester and produces Attestation Results to be used by a Relying
Party." Since the Verifier validates Evidence it is also the source
of the nonce to check for replay.

> [Open Issue: Who is the source of the nonce? According to Mike St.John, it can also be the Relying Party generating the nonce and providing it together with the Evidence to the Verifyer.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Open Issue: Who generates the nonce? According to Mike St.John, the Relying Party can generate the nonce and provide it along with the evidence to the Verifier. However, according to the RATS architecture, the nonce is generated by the Verifier.]
```
